Use condense_control() (#540)
tidymodels/tune: NEWS.md

# tune (development version)

> * `last_fit()`, `fit_resamples()`, `tune_grid()`, and `tune_bayes()` no longer error if `control` argument isn't a the corresponding `control_*()` object. Will work as long as the object passed to `control` includes the same elements as the required `control_*()` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `last_fit()`, `fit_resamples()`, `tune_grid()`, and `tune_bayes()` do not automatically error if  the wrong type of `control` object is passed. If the passed control object is not a superset of the one that is needed, the function will still error. As an example, passing `control_grid()` to `tune_bayes()` will fail but passing `control_bayes()` to `tune_grid()` will not. ([#449](https://github.com/tidymodels/tune/issues/449))
```
